Are you getting this?
[ Manny ]
I’m getting the shot.
I’m just not getting
what you’re trying to do.
[ Groans ]
We’re in Australia.
It’s on the bottom of the globe.
So everyone here but me
is upside-down.
It’s geography.
It’s a good time to tell you.
I dropped Luke on his head
when he was one.
Huh.
[ Phil ]
Okay, I’m up.
Did you drop him too?
[ Chuckles ]
Grab my leg, buddy.
Here we go.
Oh.
I come from the land down under.
He doesn’t.
I was conceived in Australia
on my parents’ honeymoon.
It was a romantic
summer night– their summer–
on a blanket in the park.
I still have that blanket.
Phil’s mom left us money
for a trip there.
When the rest
of the family found out,
they all just jumped on board.
My mom’s grandfather
was Australian,
and she’d spend her summers–
their winters– visiting him.
It was a very special place
for her. She always
wanted me to see it.
You still have
that blanket?
Yeah, silly.
It’s the one on our bed.
You sure you don’t want
some of this Vegemite, Gloria?
You don’t know
what you’re missing.
Ay, I don’t eat anything
unless I know what’s in it.
I’ve seen this woman
scarf down a pig’s nose.
Sometimes one must travel
halfway across the globe to get
the clearest view of home.
This was
my whole flight.
What’s she talking about?
My college application
essay. They want students
who are worldly.
Why don’t you write about
our trip to Hawaii, when you
drank straight from a coconut?
I feel like
Harvard’s gonna get
a lot of those, so–
Hey, guys.
I just wanted
to say thanks...
for being a part
of this pilgrimage
to majestic Australia,
which was once
a penal colony.
[ Chuckles ]
Grow up.
- What?
- This place was really
special to my mom.
She actually left me
a list of things that
she thought we should do–
Visit
the Great Barrier Reef,
see the bush–
[ Giggles ]
Really.
and climb the Sydney
Harbour Bridge.
[ Australian Accent ]
What do you say, mates?
I’m sorry, honey,
but you know
how I am with heights.
Ay, is that why
you never wear high heels?
You guys are with me, right?
Absolutely not.
Nah, I’m not doing that.
Really?
[ Cam ]
No.
"No worries."
That’s Australian.
I’ll do that one on my own if
I have to. I’m just so excited
we’re all here together.
Actually, we have to go.
Yeah, so–
Back in the day, we knew
this guy from Australia.
New Zealand.
Same thing.
It’s not.
He didn’t have
a lot of friends,
and we felt sorry for him.
But the truth is, he was
kind of annoying.
He was one of those guys
that was always on.
Mm-hmm.
Big relief when his visa
ran out.
Anyway, through
no fault of my own–
No, wait.
You announced on Facebook...
that we were going to Australia,
which is where he lives.
Fergus invited us to lunch.
I couldn’t say no.
I could’ve said no.
Which is why you have
12 friends on Facebook.
Yeah.
Claire, honey,
I got to tell you.
You really knocked it out of
the park on the Hanover deal.
Oh, come on, Dad.
That was all you.
No, it was you.
No, it was you!
It was you.
It was your baby.
[ Scoffs ]
This was my whole flight.
[ Sighs ]
Claire took the lead
on her first project...
at the company
and scored a big one.
Best part is, she beat out that
arrogant gasbag Earl Norton...
over at Closets, Closets,
Closets, Closets.
I wish I could see the look
on his stupid face,
face, face, face.
[ Laughs ]
So, what’s first?
I think Manny wants to see
the Opera House.
Actually,
it was a long flight.
I was thinking maybe just...
hang out on Bondi Beach.
That’s a great idea,
Manny.
Bondi Beach is topless.
Thank you, TripAdvisor.
- Beach it is.
- Let’s get this Aussie party
started!
Oh, my God.
What’s wrong
with your mouth?
¡Ay!
Your lips are huge!
I think you’re allergic
to the Vehe-mi-te.
- [ Australian Accent ]
No worries.
- I’d be a little worried.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Cell Phone Beeps ]
My mom said that
Joe is fine,
that he ate, he slept,
he woke up
and then he ate again.
- Classic Joe.
- [ Laughs ]
So, uh, Luke and I are gonna
take a break from the sun.
Yeah.
We’re kind of tired.
Tired of
not seeing boobs.
Watching the natives take
nourishment from their land...
has made me acutely aware...
of the fact that I am just
saying words now.
[ Scoffs ]
What is wrong with me?
I’m totally blocked.
So am I.
Scooch.
Hi.
How’s it going?
Why aren’t you
all over that?
He’s totally gorgeous.
This country’s number-one export
is hot surfers.
I’m not gonna buy
the first one I see.
I’m still browsing.
Ooh! Kangaroos!
I’m going to buy one.
Lily, what did I just say?
I don’t know.
Something about shoes, probably?
Your dad gave you enough money
for one souvenir.
Don’t buy the first thing
you see. You’ll regret it
your whole trip.
You’re right.
I have enough regret.
You gotta be kidding me.
We got outbid!
What? By whom?
I’ll give you four guesses.
Damn it.
Wait a second.
They’re giving us 48 hours
to submit a new bid.
We can do that.
We can totally do that.
Let’s go back to the hotel
and figure it out.
- Can it wait?
- Yeah. We’re on vacation.
Oh, sorry, guys.
We have to do this.
This is my baby.
Jay!
Dad!
Claire!
Gloria.
Fine!
You two go back to work.
Phil and I,
we’re going to
walk to the ocean,
and we’re going to have
more fun without you.
Yeah, we will.
No, we won’t.
Not at all.
Why would you guys
even say that?
So, after sitting there for
40 minutes, I tell the waitress,
"I’m actually in a hurry.
Any chance of getting the eggs
before they turn into chickens?"
[ Cackles ]
Hah.
You know?
And she’s a total bogan.
She’s like,
[ High-pitched ]
"I’ve got five tables!"
You know how they have the tray?
She’s sashaying
with the legs.
[ High-pitched ]
"Oh, who’s got the waffles?
Who-Who’s got the waffles?"
[ Laughs ]
All right. We get it.
Yeah.
People are looking.
Oh, nothing I can do
to stop that.
Well, I can
think of one thing.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, listen, Fergus.
It has been great catching up.
Yes.
But we really have to spend
some time with our family today.
I’m– I’m so sorry.
Um, Mr. Anderson?
We are huge fans.
Could we get a picture?
Is that possible?
Of course. Bring it in.
[ Slaps Leg ]
Sit down there.
There you go.
I won’t get up.
What’s happening?
I don’t know.
Google him.
I didn’t spring for
an international data plan.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
Thank you so much.
You like that? All right.
[ Mutters ]
Oh, my God!
Remember your old
downstairs neighbor...
that could put
his entire fist in his mouth?
Cam.
[ Fergus ]
I think my fist got bigger.
Wait. Fergus,
you have your own show?
Oh! Yeah.
It’s just a little talk show.
No big deal.
It’s a big deal here,
I suppose, but yeah.
It’s a shame you guys
have got to leave so soon.
Well–
We could stay
for a little bit longer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That’s fine.
- You never finished the story
about the waitress and the–
- Oh, yeah.
[ High-pitched ]
"Who had the waffles?"
[ Laughing ]
[ Together ]
Waffles!
I just feel bad
that Claire and Jay...
are missing
such a beautiful day...
in this gorgeous country,
which is also a continent.
You have a lot of facts.
Uh-huh.
I think this
spiritual journey of yours
is a wonderful thing.
I think it’s gonna
make you feel closer
to your mother.
I hope so.
I miss her.
It’s the biggest reason
I came here– to connect.
Is that weird?
Not at all.
I talk to
my late grandmother
all the time.
She would have loved
this place.
I wonder if
she’s here with me now.
No, she doesn’t
like to fly.
Isn’t it wild that
my mom and dad made footprints
in this very sa–
Aah!
What?
Aah! Something bit me!
[ Yelps ]
[ Screams ]
Jellyfish!
What is this?
Not one topless woman.
Calm down.
You’re gonna spook
the boobs.
Uh, wait. 2:00.
Oh.
Hey, Luke! Luke!
How deep is it?
Be cool!
We don’t want to
look like idiots!
I lost my bathing suit!
Manny, help me find it!
I don’t have my nose plug!
Little boy, are you okay?
[ Stammers ]
- Manny, say something!
- Miss! Miss!
He lost his bathing suit!
Oh, honey,
I can help you find it.
It’s okay.
I’m fine! Aah!
The water’s really clear.
Uh–
♪♪ [ Dance ]
[ Giggling ]
I love your limo!
You don’t think it draws
too much attention to me?
What are you
talking about?
[ Horn Honks ]
No.
We ended up spending
a little more time with Fergus
than we planned.
Which, honestly,
felt like growth to us.
Yes.
Because I think sometimes
we judge people before
we get to know them.
[ Murmuring ]
[ Camera Shutters Clicking ]
I cannot believe
they let us in here.
How famous are you?
Well, sometimes,
I feel like I’m the one
in the zoo.
Only difference between
me and this guy is
I won’t pee on you.
Eh?
[ All Laughing ]
Seriously, they
will pee on you.
Oh, for real?
He will pee on us.
Okay.
Turns out
we have a lot in common.
For example,
we all hate
standing in lines.
Make sure I get copies of those.
[ Laughing ]
Isn’t he funny?
We’re with him.
So we’re just gonna–
Through you go.
Sorry. Classic Fergus,
getting us in like this.
Come on.
Where’s the next gift shop?
I cannot look at
another souvenir, Lily.
You did this.
Lily, relax.
You’ll find the perfect one.
[ Sighs ]
I want to believe you,
but that lifeguard
was the cutest boy
I’ve ever seen.
I know.
Hey, guys! Found ’em
in the business center.
Come on.
We got to catch the bus
to the bush.
What time did you wake up?
5:00 a.m. Claire has
an incredible work ethic.
She’s like a young me.
Oh.
Yung-mi was our accountant
from Korea.
Died at her desk.
Okay, enough work.
It’s time to enjoy our vacation.
Yeah.
- We just got to finish up
a few quick–
- No, you’re done.
Done. We’re done.
[ Phil ]
Let’s go.
Jay, I miss you.
And besides, I don’t know that
I can keep Phil safe anymore.
I think
he’s going to die here.
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
Oh, it’s Fergus.
What? Why did he
text you and not me?
He invited us to a party today
on Hugh Jackman’s yacht.
What?
Not today! No!
I want to meet Hugh Jackman.
I do too. I do too.
But we can’t bail
on my family again.
That makes us complete
star you-know-what-ers.
Plus, Cam,
this will be fun too.
Come on.
Everybody have
their sunscreen and bug spray?
I got the snakebite kit.
Hey, guys, we just got
some really bad news.
Yeah, so–
[ Both Inhale ]
Walking the paths once trod
by the first Australians
has made me... what?
Unbearable?
Now, if we’re lucky,
we’ll see some of Australia’s
more famous indigenous species.
Kangaroo, dingoes, koala.
Quick question.
Oh, good.
Another one.
Isn’t it true that
baby kangaroos– or joeys–
are born without hind legs?
Yes. Once again,
you’ve correctly answered
your own question.
Yeah.
I just got a text
from Earl...
at Closets,
Closets, Clos–
I know what it’s called.
Listen to this.
"Better luck next time.
Ha, ha."
[ Groans ]
He always knows what
to say to get my goat.
I’m waiting for a quote
from the lumber supplier,
but this hike is three hours.
I’m gonna lose signal.
Let’s go back.
Dad, we can’t just up and leave
without a plausible reason wh–
[ Gasps ]
Claire’s hurt!
[ Gloria ] What happened?
Well, you know
what a klutz she is.
[ Phil ]
Honey, are you okay?
Not really.
Yeah, well, I–
Let me get her
back to camp.
We’re just gonna slow you down.
Come on, sweetheart.
Yeah, you guys have fun.
How dumb
do they think we are?
Sometimes Claire leaves me
pictures of food
instead of a shopping list.
I’m so nervous. Are we
gonna see Hugh Jackman
in a bathing suit?
What do we say
to Hugh Jackman
in a bathing suit?
Oh, my God.
It’s so big.
That’s a bit direct,
but he might be flattered.
Oh. You’re talking
about the boat.
- Fergus!
- Fergus! Hey!
Oh, guys.
[ Sighs ]
Thank God you’re here.
- Just had the worst fight
with Hugh.
- Oh, no. What happened?
I took a shot
at Russell Crowe in Les Mis.
Hugh took offense.
Oh, well,
he has to know Russell was–
He has to know.
horribly miscast.
It’s not his fault.
The acting
was fine, but–
Okay, let’s get
on this boat
and fix this. Come on.
That’s not the boat.
They’ve already gone.
Hugh was standing
on his deck in a skimpy
little bathing suit,
disappointed look
on his face.
Wait. I’m s– Wait.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Skimpy?
I’m sorry.
Standing on his what?
- On his deck.
- Of the boat.
Got it. Okay.
You know what?
We don’t need them.
I’ll hire a boat.
We’ll have our own party!
This is the life, eh, boys?
Oh, s–
So we’re not taking this
to a bigger boat?
[ Laughs ]
A bigger boat! Have a meat pie.
No, thank you.
No.
Are you okay, Phil?
Yeah, yeah, I’m fine.
I just wish
Claire was here
to see all this.
Ah.
Plus, my foot’s
twice its normal size,
and the mosquitoes are
really going after
my jellyfish bites.
[ Gasps ]
Look! A sign!
[ Whispering ]
What?
You wanted to see a kangaroo,
and now you see one.
I think this is your mother
trying to tell you...
that the rest of the trip
is going to be magical, Phil.
That is so my mom,
to say it with a kangaroo.
[ Gasps ]
Look.
It’s so beautiful.
Okay, but be careful.
You’re gonna scare him.
G’day, mate. Hey.
[ Whispering ]
Yes.
Hey, aren’t you gor–
[ Gasps ]
¡Ay!
This one.
No, this one.
No, this one!
I can’t breathe!
Shopping with Lily is the best
birth control in the world.
[ Scoffs ]
Yeah.
But you know it’s not,
right?
Ooh! This one!
[ Sighs ]
Thank God.
Hurry up and buy it.
Wait.
What if there’s
a better one later?
- Let’s keep looking.
- No, no, no!
You are buying that.
You’re never gonna find
anything better. I never found
a hotter lifeguard, okay?
This is perfect,
and it is right
in front of you. Here.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Hey. I really love
your accent.
[ Exhales ]
Wow. Thank you.
[ Giggles ]
I would like to return this.
Penny
for your thoughts?
Boobs.
Me too.
What’s our problem?
I freaked out when
those things came at us.
I think I could’ve handled one,
but they ganged up on me.
Hey, boys. How would you
like to participate
in an aboriginal walkabout?
No, thanks.
Why don’t you ask those girls
over there?
- This walkabout’s for men only.
- Trust me. We’re not men.
Sound like you need this
more than anyone.
Quick. Come here.
Perfect.
Now we’re wearing makeup.
Oh. You have
got to be kidding me.
Okay, can we walk
to the bush?
Nah. Dispatch is sending
a cab in an hour.
An hour.
What?
No, Cam, we deserve this.
We deserted our family,
we abandoned our daughter,
and for what? Huh?
We’re not just
star you-know-what-ers.
We’re you-know-what-holes!
You know Lily’s not here,
right?
[ Motorcycles Approaching ]
Oh, my God.
- [ Mitchell ]
Please be cool.
- I’m always cool.
Hello!
There’s some pretty
fancy shoes.
Thank you?
So, listen, we don’t want
any trouble,
uh, but my–
my friend and I–
"Friend?" Really?
Yeah.
We had a little
cab problem.
Our cab broke down.
And we are trying to get to
our daughter– the daughter
my friend and I have together.
Well, that ain’t right.
Daddies should be
with their little girls.
Seriously,
where can I get
a pair of them shoes?
- He wants your shoes.
Give him your shoes.
- What? Okay.
I don’t want your shoes.
I wanna get me own.
He doesn’t want your shoes.
Put your shoes on.
- I knew it!
- Gloria, don’t be mad.
- Too late!
- I know this looks
really bad,
but you have to understand
that this is my–
Your baby?
I know.
And you should be
ashamed of yourself!
You have a husband who is
on a spiritual journey
and was punched by a kangaroo!
What?
Gloria!
Honey, I just heard.
How did you get punched
by a kangaroo?
Really hard.
In the face.
Oh. I’m sorry.
Oh, boy.
Is there anything I can do?
Could you stop working
and sit with me for a while?
Yes, of course I can.
Thank you.
Okay.
Be– Be soft.
Ah, baby.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Phil.
Ow. Oh!
- Honey!
- Ow!
Phil!
A wild dog took my laptop!
Seems like
a missed opportunity.
Honey, if you want to work,
just say so.
- No! It happened!
It just happened!
- I didn’t see anything.
I didn’t see you get hit
in the face by a kangaroo,
but I believe you.
- Come on!
Help me get it!
- No! You’re on your own!
Like I’ve been this whole trip!
Ow.
For God’s sakes!
Gloria, stop!
Let me explain!
Fine. But the explanation
better not be that
this is an important account,
that you’re on a deadline
and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah!
Oh. Well, I’m gonna need
a minute to think.
I did not leave Joe,
fly across the world to see you
spend all your time working.
You’re missing
the whole vacation!
Not the first wife
to tell me that.
So how many wives need to say it
before you listen?
♪♪ [ Didgeridoo Droning ]
♪♪ [ Man Vocalizing ]
What’s that?
I’m not gonna tell you.
If you were here,
you would know what that is.
I don’t know what that was.
But I was not going to give him
the satisfaction.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Insect Buzzing ]
Ow! Damn it!
Why, Australia?
Why?
- Hey, mate.
- [ Shouts ]
How’s... it going?
- Everything okay here?
- Not really.
You don’t mind me saying,
you look a bit beaten up.
Yeah.
I love your country,
but your country doesn’t
love me back.
Australia’s rejected me.
You see this right here?
That’s from a croc bite.
This one here on my back–
I was hit by a tram
in Melbourne.
This right here–
That’s an irregular mole.
- Should probably
get that checked out.
- Uh-huh.
Point is, Australia is nice
to tourists,
but it’s tough
on its own people.
Congratulations, mate.
You’re one of us.
- Are you saying
what I think you’re saying?
- I think I am.
I’m Crocodile Dunphy?
That’s not
what I was saying at all.
[ Bird Clucks ]
Is that a kookaburra,
which are born blind, or–
[ Whispers ]
Mom?
- There you are.
- Oh! Dad, the laptop is gone.
We’ve got to get back
to the hotel right now.
It’s still fresh in my mind.
I think I can just
piece it together.
Claire.
Yeah?
Let it go.
What?
No! I-I poured my heart
into this.
And don’t you want to
stick it to Earl?
Doesn’t matter.
Go be with your family.
Remember when you were a kid?
We’d take the family trips?
I’d disappear for days
to work?
Yeah.
Don’t be me.
[ Huffs ]
I feel like
I’m letting you down.
What are you talking about?
I finally get to spend
a little vacation time
with my daughter.
- Yeah.
- Mmm.
[ Motorcycles Approaching ]
What is that?
Lily! We’re here!
Daddies love you!
Daddies!
[ Sighs ]
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, this place is beautiful!
[ Horn Honks ]
That’s our bus!
Time to go!
- What do you mean?
- Who are these guys?
- Who’s this guy?
- Oh. [ Chuckles ]
Honey, I am so sorry.
From now on,
I am all yours.
I promise.
Whatever you want to do.
Phil, this is not
what I had in mind.
You’re doing great, honey!
[ Alex ]
What is a bridge?
It’s a connector,
a supporter, and sometimes
it’s a metaphor for–
Oh, my gosh!
Shut up!
[ Man ]
♪ Into the desert, I run ♪
♪ Into the blinding sun ♪
Hello from
the Great Barrier Reef!
♪ I know that you will come ♪
♪ To have and to hold ♪
Whoa!
[ Laughs ]
That was awesome!
♪ I may be searching
my whole life through ♪
♪ I may be standing
right next to you ♪
♪ This time,
I’ll know just what to do ♪
♪ To have and to hold ♪
[ Both Laughing ]
Yes!
♪ And I can see
quite clearly now ♪♪
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Man On P.A. ] Thank you
for choosing to fly Qantas...
on our nonstop flight
from Australia to Los Angeles.
I feel a little
guilty...
sitting up here
without
the family.
I don’t.
Me either.
Don’t you think
it’s a little rude that
they’re sitting up there?
I would never do that.
Boy, you tense up fast
after a vacation.
I swear that’s Hugh Jackman
up there.
I saw him when we boarded.
I don’t think it’s him.
Oh, well,
I’m gonna go find out.
Cam, no. Cam, come on.
Let him go, or none of us
will get any sleep.
Hey, guys. Just saying hi.
Excuse me. I don’t think
he belongs up here.